


next: todo perf-test on reverse pinvoke plus attempt to fix freeze


- texture meta info for texture creations... atm we predict defaults
- compression
- use actual model resources instead of "all file in directory"


Blocking: Find coding standard!
Todo: Freeze on KSP shutdown. It seems to be related to be related with reverse-pInvoke. Not doing anything in Net4.ManagedBridge helps, not doing anything on the other side keeps the same issue. Those calls come from net4-threads... or GC?
Todo: DXT, resizing and stuff like that (especially DXT should be easy, since we can cache them on disk. Generate either via unity or sth like squidlib)

Issues in the KSP runtime part of this mod:

Todo1: Editor's currently tracked parts are left panel, picked item and build rocket. Everything detatched but not picked is currently missed.
Todo2: Don't loop though all parts ever frame... this shouldn't be neccessary.
Todo3: Leaving the Editor and GCing doesn't free all parts for unknown reason. Investigate! (should be EditorPages related)
Todo4: No UI as of yet... some reasons are: Display format & conversion errors, show long-running background work (preperation, e.g.) or texture stats
Todo5: Startup currently loads the other library. Should be moved to NativeBridge's constructor but also use dynamic delegates we can bind by methodPtr, to support non-LoadLibrary in the future (perf should be about equal)
Todo6: Make sure no Interop between KSP & Net4 is leaking!
Todo7: NetWrapper currently only supports DirectX 9.0c... OpenGL, DX10, etc?
Todo8: Do we need a string callback for net4->Ksp? Its currently unused...
Todo9: File date of the unpacked net4 dll doesn't change as expected.. sometimes even after full recompile its still sth from earlier. Investigate.
Todo10: Iterate and clean up "Startup"...
Todo11: GetNativeTexturePtr seems to be rather expensive... try to make TextureManager use it less frequent.
Todo12: TextureManagement. Currently every thumb is created as same X*Y*ARGB and HighRes are loaded as saved. Texture-Specific threatment would be nice, though difficult since only Net4 handels the actual file
Todo13: Create a Copy&Paste code that interfaces with this project, so other mods can ref textures as they like.
Todo14: A small optimization to TextureManager's exposed methods
Todo15: Resource management was meant to blend into KSP perfectly by freeing up textures on GC. Well, that doesn't seem to work due to threading issues. We better re-think memory management
Todo18: Load events for Resources
Todo19: The cache directory might end up with lods of dead files. Find a way to clean up...
Todo20: Fix Logger.Log(Exception)
Todo21: Evil edge-case on duplicate file name + different extension. Cant currently handle it...
Todo22: Had some parts on the panel in Editor not loaded... it was grey. (Was it managed anyway?)
Todo23: TLS-Large flat foot container ingame doesn't properly replace the texture. LOD does. Investigate, since we are at least out of sync.

Issues in the net4 part of this mod:

Todo1: Analye in general, especially what causes bad frame rates. DiskIO? BG-Work? Unthrottelt GPU copy?
Todo2: We might rly want some kind of throttle on the KSP thread and for GPU copy...
Todo3: Currently, textures are loaded and unloaded as requested from ksp-rt. It might be stupid, though... some kinda caching would be nice.
Todo7: Improve Logger


